All right.
You've made it through transformation, congratulations.
I know it's a lot of material to get through and to reward you, for sticking around.
I want to share a few bloopers that I haven't shown any other Nanodegree student before.
Usually, filming these videos goes pretty well,
but there are definitely a few outlier takes.
Making courses like these, is really,
really hard, and there are always hiccups along the way. Enjoy.
Camera roll.
Imputing data.
Missing data take two.
One option is to fill in the missing value using the mean. Did I just say that?
Grade Search is a method that automates the process of testing different values.
To find the company. Okay, restart.
Values are pushed forward down.
I feel like something's missing.
Backwards [inaudible] because I didn't explained forward.
So, why would I just. Something happen.
A leaking knowledge from your tests are.
I mean this ain't just our training, is that invalidation.
Great work. You successively. It's very hard work.
All right Energy. Smiles and energies and unicorns.
He look so happy. I can't help it.